[Music]
and on top of that he says
denialists, no, as if the denialist
at some point in the story gives
Rosa Carrasco a name, okay, for
example, without any point in the story,
but according to Carlota, a denialist, this, for
example, a person who believes the entire
documentary, let's imagine,
in the background,
I give her a note, Lorena, I tell her,
Gordi, to get up at two thirty for
the doctor, but we'll see the documentary,
the documentary is listening to me,
the abuse,
within the abuse there was physical and
psychological abuse,
and then there's the matter of the children,
within the fact that the children have a problem with the daughter, the
problem with the daughter
and the one who hasn't fixed it, okay, and then there
's the matter of the son, who's a potato because he doesn't
want to put the potato wool on him,
literally, potato, slows down the
application, potato, or I'll give you potato today,
ballet, and then the documentaries in the back,
the Mohedano
Mohedano, all bad - Jobs, okay, that would be that would be
the documentary, well,
a lady or a gentleman comes, according to Mrs.
Ussía, okay, it has to be a lord,
God, he tells me, well, I think Rocío
Carrasco  She has
been physically abused,
okay, I think that Rocío Carrasco has been
psychologically abused,
okay, I think that Recio Carrasco, it's normal
that he doesn't want to see his daughter
completely normal, okay, I think it's normal that he does
n't want to fix it,
okay, but I think that potatoes make you fat,
I think that potatoes make you fat
a lot, okay, they're not good for your
health, and thank you very much,
therefore, I don't believe this point, because
for Carlota Corredera, this would be a
denialist, okay,
that for Carlota Corredera, it would be a
denialist, Carlota Corredera,
sit down, ma'am, are you feeling comfortable?
[Music]